== What is This?
This is a port of whichBus to implement neo4j (Graph Database)
== Getting Started?
* Download or clone this repo.
* This repo depends on the neo4j.rb gem which uses an embedded neo4j database.
* In case you want to visualize data or need a separate neo4j server you must implement HA Cluster for neo4j.
* See Neo4j HA Cluster Configuration for the configuraion options.
* Look here for a screencast: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PblrbrT5JNY&feature=youtu.be
== Rails App Configuration
In <tt>/config/application.rb</tt> add these lines:
  config.generators do |g|
      g.orm             :neo4j
      g.test_framework  :rspec, :fixture => false
  end
and include at the top of /config/application.rb (after all require statements):
  require 'neo4j/rails/ha_console/railtie' if Rails.env.development?
== Gem Dependency
Must be in your gemfile:
  gem "neo4j", ">= 2.2.3"
  gem 'neo4j-advanced', '~> 1.9.5'
  gem 'neo4j-community', '~> 1.9.5'
  gem 'neo4j-enterprise', '~> 1.9.5'
== Neo4j HA Cluster Configuration
Currently this app works only for the <tt>1.9.5</tt> version of the <tt>neo4j-enterprise</tt> gem

Download <tt>neo4j v1.9.5 enterprise server</tt>
In <tt>conf/neo4j.properties</tt> paste the following:
  ha.server_id=3
  ha.initial_hosts=localhost:5001,localhost:5002,localhost:5003
  ha.server=localhost:6003
  ha.cluster_server=localhost:5003
  ha.pull_interval=1
and In <tt>conf/neo4j-server.properties</tt> uncomment or add this:
  org.neo4j.server.database.mode=HA
all is done now. All we need to do now is start the neo4j server.

==Running The App
From within the downloaded folder: <tt>neo4j v1.9.5 enterprise server</tt> run the command
  bin/neo4j start
and finally run:
  rails s